doc/about/trademark/index.md, before:

# Trademark Policy

The Node.js trademarks, service marks, and graphics marks are symbols of the
quality, performance, and ease of use that people have come to associate with
the Node.js software and project. To ensure that the Node.js marks continue to
symbolize these qualities, we must ensure that the marks are only used in ways
that do not mislead people or cause them to confuse Node.js with other software
of lower quality. If we don’t ensure the marks are used in this way, it cannot
only confuse users, it can make it impossible to use the mark to protect
against people who maliciously exploit the mark in the future. The primary goal
of this policy is to make sure that this doesn’t happen to the Node.js mark, so
that the community and users of Node.js are always protected in the future.

At the same time, we’d like community members to feel comfortable spreading the
word about Node.js and participating in the Node.js community. Keeping that
goal in mind, we’ve tried to make the policy as flexible and easy to understand
as legally possible.

Please read the [full policy](/images/trademark-policy.pdf). If you have any questions
don't hesistate to [email us](mailto:trademark@joyent.com).

Commit message:

website: foundation launch updates
This makes a number of interim changes for the foundation launch.

1. Addition of Linux Foundation header/footer boilerplate
2. Removal of "Sponsored by Joyent" branding
3. Addition of initial Foundation member logos
4. Update to trademark policy and visual guidelines
5. Update to About/Contribution section to point to new
   dev-policy
6. Temporary pointers to io.js site on download page
7. Contact link information

doc/about/trademark/index.md, after:

# Trademark Policy

The Node.js trademarks, service marks, and graphics marks are symbols of the
quality, performance, and ease of use that people have come to associate with
the Node.js software and project. To ensure that the Node.js marks continue to
symbolize these qualities, we must ensure that the marks are only used in ways
that do not mislead people or cause them to confuse Node.js with other software
of lower quality. If we don’t ensure the marks are used in this way, it cannot
only confuse users, it can make it impossible to use the mark to protect
against people who maliciously exploit the mark in the future. The primary goal
of this policy is to make sure that this doesn’t happen to the Node.js mark, so
that the community and users of Node.js are always protected in the future.

At the same time, we’d like community members to feel comfortable spreading the
word about Node.js and participating in the Node.js community. Keeping that
goal in mind, we’ve tried to make the policy as flexible and easy to understand
as legally possible.

Please read the [full policy](/images/foundation-trademark-policy.pdf).
If you have any questions don't hesistate to
[email us](mailto:trademark@nodejs.org).

Guidelines for the visual display of the Node.js mark are described in
the [Visual Guidelines](/images/foundation-visual-guidelines.pdf).
