doc/contribute/index.md, before:

# Contributing

Thanks for your interest in contributing to Node.js, there are multiple ways
and places you can contribute and we're here to help facilitate that.

## Reporting an Issue

If you have found what you believe to be an issue with Node.js please do not
hesistate to file an issue on the GitHub project. When filing your issue please
make sure you can express the issue with a reproducible test case, and that
test case should not include any external dependencies. That is to say, the
test case can be executed without anything more than Node.js itself.

When reporting an issue we also need as much information about your environment
that you can include. We never know what information will be pertinent when
trying narrow down the issue. Please include at least the following
information:

 * Version of Node
 * Platform you're running on (OS X, SunOS, Linux, Windows)
 * Architecture you're running on (32bit or 64bit and x86 or ARM)

## Code contributions

If you'd like to fix bugs or add a new feature to Node.js, please make sure
you consult the [code contribution
guidelines](/contribute/code_contributions/).

## Accepting contributions

Before any contribution can be accepted and be part of the project, it needs
to be [reviewed by existing
collaborators](/contribute/accepting_contributions.html).

## Becoming a collaborator

By becoming a collaborator, contributors can have even more impact on the
project. They can help other contributors by reviewing their contributions,
triage issues and take an even bigger part in shaping the project's future.
The Node.js project is always looking for people who are interested in
becoming collaborators. If you're interested, make sure you familiarize
yourself with [how to become a
collaborator](/contribute/becoming_collaborator.html).

Commit message:

website: foundation launch updates
This makes a number of interim changes for the foundation launch.

1. Addition of Linux Foundation header/footer boilerplate
2. Removal of "Sponsored by Joyent" branding
3. Addition of initial Foundation member logos
4. Update to trademark policy and visual guidelines
5. Update to About/Contribution section to point to new
   dev-policy
6. Temporary pointers to io.js site on download page
7. Contact link information

doc/contribute/index.md, after:

# Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Node.js, there are multiple ways
and places you can contribute and we're here to help facilitate that.

## Reporting an Issue

If you have found what you believe to be an issue with Node.js please do not
hesistate to file an issue on the GitHub project. When filing your issue please
make sure you can express the issue with a reproducible test case, and that
test case should not include any external dependencies. That is to say, the
test case can be executed without anything more than Node.js itself.

When reporting an issue we also need as much information about your environment
that you can include. We never know what information will be pertinent when
trying narrow down the issue. Please include at least the following
information:

 * Version of Node
 * Platform you're running on (OS X, SunOS, Linux, Windows)
 * Architecture you're running on (32bit or 64bit and x86 or ARM)

The Node.js project is currently managed across a number of separate
Github repositories, each with their own separate Issues database. If
possible, please direct any issues you are reporting to the appropriate
repository but don't worry if things happen to get put in the wrong place,
the community of contributors will be more than happy to help get you
pointed in the right direction.

 * To report issues specific to Node.js v0.10.x or v0.12.x, please use
   [joyent/node](https://github.com/joyent/node/issues)
 * To report issues specific to io.js (any version), please use [nodejs/io.js](https://github.com/nodejs/io.js/issues)
 * To report issues specific to future Node.js releases, please use [nodejs/node](https://github.com/nodejs.node)

## Code contributions

If you'd like to fix bugs or add a new feature to Node.js, please make sure
you consult the [Node.js Development Policy](https://github.com/nodejs/dev-policy).

Before any contribution can be accepted and be part of the project, it needs
to be reviewed by existing collaborators in accordance to the guidelines
established by the [Node.js Development Policy](https://github.com/nodejs/dev-policy).

## Becoming a collaborator

By becoming a collaborator, contributors can have even more impact on the
project. They can help other contributors by reviewing their contributions,
triage issues and take an even bigger part in shaping the project's future.
The Node.js project is always looking for people who are interested in
becoming collaborators. If you're interested, make sure you familiarize
yourself with the [Node.js Development Policy](https://github.com/nodejs/dev-policy).
